feat: Dev Portal email customization (#1829)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/dev-portal/portal-customization.md

  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;api_name&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The name of the API.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;api_version&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The version of the API.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;application_name&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The name of the developer's application.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;dev_portal_reply_to&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The Dev Portal reply to email address.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;developer_email&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The email address of the developer.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;developer_fullname&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The full name of the developer.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;developer_status&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The Dev Portal status of a developer. For example, \"approved\", \"pending\", or \"revoked\".
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;portal_display_name&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The display name of the Dev Portal.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;portal_domain&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The URL of the Dev Portal.
{% endtable %}
<!--vale on-->

### Customize the email domain

> If you want to change the from and reply to email domains, you can configure a different domain by navigating to your Dev Portal, click **Settings** in the sidebar and click the **Custom domains** tab. Click **New email domain** and configure the settings. Once you've added your new domain, you must add the CNAME records to your DNS server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change the from and reply to email domains, you can configure a different domain through Dev Portal settings. 
Navigate to your Dev Portal, click **Settings** in the sidebar and click the **Custom domains** tab. Click **New email domain** and configure the settings. 

Once you've added your new domain, you must add the CNAME records to your DNS server. 
```
Broke the first sentence into two, as the tenses of the action verbs didn't match.

* Confirm email address
* Reset password
* Account access rejected
* Account access revoked

To configure email customization settings, go to your Dev Portal, click **Portal Editor**, and then click the **Email** icon in the sidebar. 

### Email customization variables

In the customization settings, you can use variables. For example, `{% raw %}{{application_name}}{% endraw %}` will be replaced with the name of the application in the email.

The following table contains the variables you can use when customizing emails:

<!--vale off-->
{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Variable
    key: variable
  - title: Description
    key: description
rows:
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;api_documentation_url&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The documentation URL for the API.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;api_name&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The name of the API.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;api_version&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The version of the API.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;application_name&#125;&#125;</code>"
    description: The name of the developer's application.
  - variable: "<code>&#123;&#123;dev_portal_reply_to&#125;&#125;</code>"

>     description: The Dev Portal reply to email address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    description: The Dev Portal reply-to email address.
```
